Docs - Organize wiki , edit text and add meta tags (#365)
iotaledger/integration-services: documentation/docs/examples/create-identity-and-credentials.mdx

---
image: /img/logo/integration_services.png

> description: The example-1 script authenticates an Integration Service client to manage Identities using the Admin identity created in example-0 and then creates a new Identity, creates a credential for that identity and verifies the generated credential.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: The example-1 script authenticates an Integration Service client to manage Identities using the Admin identity created in example-0 and then creates a new Identity, creates a credential for that identity, and verifies the generated credential.
```

keywords:
- create identity
- create credentials
- verify credentials
- authenticate
- examples
---

# Create Identity and Credentials

The [example-1](https://github.com/iotaledger/integration-services/blob/develop/clients/node/examples/1-CreateIdentityAndCredential.ts)
script authenticates an Integration Service client to manage Identities using the Admin identity
created in [example-0](./how-to-run-examples) and then performs the following tasks:

> 1. Create a new Identity (`userIdentity`).
> 2. Create a credential for that identity (`userCredential`).
> 3. Verify the generated credential (`await identity.checkCredential(userCredential)`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Creates a new Identity (`userIdentity`).
2. Creates a credential for that identity (`userCredential`).
3. Verifies the generated credential (`await identity.checkCredential(userCredential)`).
```
